Created TextLink component and tests (#445)
Telefonica/mistica-ios: Sources/Mistica/Components/TextLink/README.md

#  TextLink

> The TextLink component find words inside of a string, marks it as underlined and use a delegate to manage where the user taps. If no word if provided the full string will act as a link and be underlined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TextLink component finds words inside of a string, marks it as underlined and uses a delegate to manage where the user taps. If no word is provided, the full string will act as a link and will be underlined.
```

Reviewer 2: @Gomay88   I have some doubts:
- As far as I understand this component does not open a weblink. It only marks certain parts of a text and using an indicated delegate that the user has taped.
- If I have this text "**Link** and **Link**", how can I know in the delegate on which "Link" I have taped?
-  In the same example, if I want to mark the second Link but not the first one, how can I do it? "Link and **Link**"

Reviewer: Good point, if a word appears twice, both are underlined

![Captura de pantalla 2025-04-08 a las 12 48 53](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb85188c-52f3-4157-9c4e-2f1e0ee5d714)

Author: Done and updated the video
